User doc landing page: add getting started procedure (#487)
hacs/documentation: source/docs/use/index.md

Use the sidebar to navigate this section.

> 

Reviewer: @coderabbitai in this repo, 3 exclamation marks are the syntax to insert admonitions. Never comment on that again. K thanks.

!!! note

>     This section explains how to use HACS. It does not show how to develop for HACS or how to publish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This section explains how to use HACS. It does not show how to contribute to HACS or how to publish.
```

>     - If you want to publish something that can be tracked by HACS, take a look at the [publisher documentation](/docs/publish/index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you want to publish something that can be handled by HACS, take a look at the [publisher documentation](/docs/publish/index.md)
```

>     - If you want to develop/change something for HACS itself, take a look at the [developer documentation](/docs/contribute/index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you want to contribute something for HACS itself, take a look at the [contributor documentation](/docs/contribute/index.md)
```

## Getting started with HACS

New to HACS? To get started with HACS, follow these steps:

> 1. Check, if the [requirements are met](/docs/use/download/prerequisites.md) to download HACS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check, if the [requirements are met](/docs/use/download/prerequisites.md) before downloading HACS.
```

2. [Download HACS](/docs/use/download/download.md).

> 3. [Install the HACS integration](/docs/use/configuration/basic.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Setup the HACS integration](/docs/use/configuration/basic.md).
```
